Hello everyone and welcome to the blog clone project.
So this is your first clone project.
I want to congratulate you on making it this far into the course and this project will be creating a
blog and not just a personal blog but you can think of it more as a company blog since ill be able to
have multiple users.
This is actually a great first step to building a larger more robust social network application.
As a lot of the knowledge here is going to be directly transferred to our social network clone projects
and this project will include topics on almost everything we've covered so far so take it on slowly
and carefully.
And I've made sure to add in elements from pretty much every section of the course.
So if you skip to Section make sure you review it before actually coming onto this clone project and
I really recommend having the jingle documentation open so you can cross-reference anything new you
see.
This blog is going to be a multi-user blog as I mentioned.
So it's kind of more like a company blog rather than just a simple personal blog interface and this
multi-user behavior is going to be easily extendable to feature projects.
So we're also going to be adding in some fun javascript and CSSA features to give the site a more complete
feel.
So let's take a look at what the completed Web site actually looks like.
All right.
This is what the Web site looks like.
Running locally and you can see here that I have some kind of fun see assess where the colors of the
blog posts are slowly changing.
And even if I highlight everything my highlighted color will also slowly change.
Obviously that's completely optional but that's going to be a little fun CSSA element we add to that.
And that's actually Pearcey SS That's not any javascript which is interesting.
So are we gonna be able to do is click here on the sort of profile tab.
And that's going to show you how to use a glyph icon.
And then here will say Please log in must be a super user so we can log in.
I can see stuff is changing colors and then once you've done that I'm a little zoomed in here so you
can see it but at 100 percent zoom in we can see we can create a new post and then we create a new post
select an author title will be my great post and then you can see here you can begin to type text so
I'll say something like Hello world.
And if you've ever used a Web site called Medium dot com which is kind of a blogging site you'll know
that if you highlight something it gives you options on stating whether something's bold whether it's
italics underline or two or three and we're going to actually add in that functionality whether you
want to link in here to this could take you to something like Google dot com and now it's a link etc..
So that's all now in Javascript.
And we're going to learn how to add that in.
So then I can save this I have migrate posts and then I can also add comments to it.
But note that it's right now a draft.
So if I check my drafts I have draft and I publish another messed up draft and have migrate posts.
Click on that and then I can say publish this to the entire world.
And now if I look at my tech blog the home page I can see migrate post has been published.
So then I'll migrate posts or any post really we can edit the post so I can come over here and Edsels
say you at it.
Save that bloops the Riego and hear you say hello world and you at it and I can also add comments to
it so I can say some visitor type the text in a.
That is a post and then they also get access to data things like Boulder heading to maybe don't want
that but you never know.
And then we'll post that comment and it says hey that is a post posted by some visitor and as a user
I get to approve or remove comments so I approve that comment check it and then it takes me back to
my post.
If I look at my tech blog come back to my great post I can see here has one comment and there we go.
And then you can also use this to link to get hub linked in.
There there's an about page maybe it is about your company or about me.
Cetera.
So lots of cool stuff here.
I'm going to learn a lot and believe it not a lot of this functionality is actually not that hard to
implement given what you learned already.
And then finally the last thing you can do is delete posts.
You can click on this little X or if she wanted to migrate posts click confirm and athletes to post.
All right so let's hop over quickly to the slides and finish this all up.
All right just a few last notes before we get started.
It's also really common for real jingle projects to make use of other open source third party libraries
and we're going to be using quite a few.
So make sure you follow along when we install them.
If you're kind of going with the code and you ever get an error called No module names some sort of
module it's probably because you forgot to install it.
So all you have to do is go the command line say Pipp install that particular module name instead of
a virtual environment.
And we're also going to be exploring different ways of organizing or jingle projects and we've previously
discussed this organization method in the class based views section.
Definitely going to be implementing a lot of ideas from that previous section.
So make sure to review it before heading on to this project.
In a few final important notes no amount of clone projects can show you how to use and do everything.
So you're going to need to feel comfortable venturing out on your own and read the documentation when
it comes to your own personal projects.
And if you're interested in learning a specific plug in library or API you're probably going to need
to reference outside of materials.
If you're not covered in these projects and one last final know you should be able to have a full understanding
of how we're building up the clone project shown here but not necessarily memorizing every certain class
call or function name etc..
You should have an understanding but don't feel obligated that you had to have everything memorized
by this point in the course.
All right let's get started.
I'll see you at the next lecture.